keywords:
end gc include and or not if then else elseif endif select case default endsel
while wend do loop until for to step next foreach in break visible constant str
float int sizeof len free dim fill copy function endfunc return typeof abs cos
sin tan acos asin atan atan2 sqr pow floor ceil round rad deg min max pln rln
datetime time clock wait fwait rnd randomize system split left right mid instr
replace lower upper chr asc key val clear insert set load save create open draw
window active redraw mouse mousex mousey mousebutton inkey keydown color clip
pixel line rect ellipse poly cls image vraster hraster font file openfile
createfile fread freadc frln width height colorkey grid loadimage createimage
fwidth fheight write wln justification center caret createfont loadfont
clipboard sound music loadsound loadmusic volume stop play screenw screenh
openfiledialog savefiledialog assert asm endasm exists zone createzone zonex
zoney zonew zoneh additive cols rows cels scroll createsound download console
xform mouserelx mouserely colori pixeli sgn joyx joyy joybutton LOAD_FUNCTION
filetell fileseek seek CALL

constants:
this unset true false on off
VERSION TYPE_NUMBER TYPE_STRING TYPE_FUNCTION TYPE_TABLE TYPE_UNSET primary
PI
KEY_TAB KEY_RETURN KEY_SHIFT KEY_CONTROL KEY_ESCAPE KEY_SPACE KEY_PAGE_UP
KEY_PAGE_DOWN KEY_END KEY_HOME KEY_LEFT KEY_UP KEY_RIGHT KEY_DOWN KEY_INSERT
KEY_DELETE KEY_0 KEY_1 KEY_2 KEY_3 KEY_4 KEY_5 KEY_6 KEY_7 KEY_8 KEY_9 KEY_A
KEY_B KEY_C KEY_D KEY_E KEY_F KEY_G KEY_H KEY_I KEY_J KEY_K KEY_L KEY_M KEY_N
KEY_O KEY_P KEY_Q KEY_R KEY_S KEY_T KEY_U KEY_V KEY_W KEY_X KEY_Y KEY_Z
KEY_MULTIPLY KEY_ADD KEY_SEPARATOR KEY_SUBTRACT KEY_DIVIDE KEY_F1 KEY_F2 KEY_F3
KEY_F4 KEY_F5 KEY_F6 KEY_F7 KEY_F8 KEY_F9 KEY_F10 KEY_F11 KEY_F12 SEEK_SET
SEEK_CUR SEEK_END
args
